---
title: How To Manage Your Own Distribution Network
published: true
---
Something not often discussed in comics circles is how to manage your distribution. Even when the pandemic lockdown was at its worst, you could still distribute your comic book online. However we need to prepare the reality that if government feels like they can lock down the internet, then they might also be able to lock down the internet. Almost of the centralized social media website would comply with this, however places like different protocols on The Fediverse would not be forced to comply with such a lock down, unless ( like Mastodon with their code of conduct ) they try to make every instance follow that lock down as part of their agreement for being publicly listed.

This is why we need to not just focus on how to distribute physical copies of comics, but also rethink how we digitally distribute comics. Mastodon already makes it impossible to advertise, however other protocols on the fediverse are not as strict about this. However, you can also host your web comic on a Plume or Write.Freely instance. However the implied there is if the instance is forced to shut down by either the government or a cancel culture mob that acts effectively like a governing body.

An option that I use for distributing content, is SyncThing. If you have a local network of connected devices using Syncthing, you can sync a common eComic over a shared folder system, and then view the comic by booting up a local host server on each machine. So this acts effectively like automatic distribution. You would still need to make sure that each person in the network is not bribed by something like Diamond comics or Comicsgate to try to subvert the integrity of that offline network you would use to distribute files.

In some cases, it might be useful to transfer such comics on sneaker net, and keeping a thumb drive you own on your person. You can sync up with a local network to download a comic for offline use on your thumb drive once your at a sharing node, then read the comic once you get home and air gapped. I distribute artificial intelligence software in a similar kind of way, where rather than using a block chain to distribute content, you can have partial meat space in the loop to control distribution. And now that there is looking to be a Pandemic vaccine, there is even more of a possibility. Although this introduces other problems, if the Cancel Culture mob becomes worse than it has been during the previous presidency.

There would still need to be education on how to secure transmit files and software offline but be careful who you UnNetwork with. However that will be a topic for another video.
