---
title: Some People Cannot Afford To Make Money On Art
published: true
---
I consider sequentual pasted up on the web every bit as important as ones published in print media. To me, a lot of people’s entryway into sequential art posted on the web, rather than through a medium of print. In a lot of these, the point of creating these is not to make money. Even a critique platform like Linkara understands this, and that is why he doesn’t review Sequential Art that has been published on the web. My point is, it is a problem when even someone who participated in a That Guy With The Glasses production understands enough common sense to realize that there are people who do sequential art without the intention of making money. Money is not this god-like thing creators should have to kiss the rear of to create anything. Create what you want to create.

This entire side of sequential art does not understand this essential fact: not everyone who works in comics is doing this for the money. People that do web sequential art are especially not doing this for the money, it is part of there passion. If someone is telling you how what topics to put in your sequential art, the problem isn’t the creator that doesn’t want to insert content in their work they don’t agree with. These days in particular, particularly on a certain side of youtube, it is genuinely impossible to convey that making things for money is not absolutely important to people.

Even when it is important, this doesn’t excuse the crappy behaviour SJWs and Culture Warriors do to use comics as a proper, rather than have those books stand on their own merit. I’m also tired of the culture is making a point ( one you may not even agree with ) just to spark discussion. There are some point there are some vile, that they have absolutely no merits to defend them: forcing all creators to only produce content for money is one of these. I’ve had to unsubscribe from channels whose sole purpose is to shove a narrative down people’s throat, whether that be an SJW one or a Culture Warrior one. They make themselves look like centrists, but what they are actually down is making a center-right viewpoint look like that’s the centrist viewpoint.

So centrists that actually disagree that the only purpose to create sequential art is to make money, are driven to the left, where there are in fact actually genuine Anti-Asian people who feel like anything resembling Asian culture is inferior to that of Western values: Pawoo is one example of this. You are doing this when you force people to only produce comics to make money. What you are really saying is the only appropriate way to make money is to take money from white supremacists.

There is such a thing as a middle ground, but telling people the only valid way to produce sequential art is by making crap tons of money is more of a reflection on the people touting this point. And it indicates that you don’t actually really care about sequential art as a craft. And it's especially shitty to people who lose their disability benefits who can't afford to make a living on things, or else they lose these benefits.
